to  Develop, enhance and provide IT solutions to complex business problems in CVS Retail application systems. Perform a Lead role in the project for enhancement to support CVS Retail application. Responsible for requirement analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging and documentation. Responsible to provide internal quality assurance review, post-implementation support and system enhancements. Accountable to perform timely technical support and understand CVS business requirement, methodologies and quality standards. Managing and monitoring all the batch jobs that run for CVS Retail applications. Make sure if there are any abends or errors in the jobs they are handled immediately.

Requirement analysis, interaction with business users for requirement clarification. Work on design and code development. Coordination with global teams, Post implementation support.
Responsible for delegating tasks and making sure that the tasks are delivered on time. Using various Technologies including Mainframe, AS400, Unix and Informatica ETL for application design, development, testing and support. 
Application enhancement using Cobol, JCL, VSAM, Easytrieve, SORT, SCLM, Abendaid, Xpediter, RPG, RPGLE, COBOL, CL, DB2, CA 2E(Synon),  and free form RPG, Unix, Informatica Power Center Tool. Ensure assigned work is implemented within the project schedule by following Agile Methodology. Coordination and interaction with project teams. Ensure that process adherence and quality standards of the deliverables are met. Document technical solutions adhering to CVS Agile methodology. 
Monitoring of applications. Responsible for resolution of incidents reported by application users. Interaction with business users for requirement clarification and to provide solution to the problems reported. Responsible for root cause analysis for major incidents. Participation in bug fix implementation and testing. Managing all the batch jobs that run in mainframe, AS400,     Informatica and Unix for CVS Retail applications and make sure that all defined SLAs are met for the job completion. Work on performance improvement initiatives to reduce the batch run window to minimum
